cloud: use node-level resource metrics for monitoring (#13093)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/built-in-monitoring.md

| Metric name  | Labels | Description                                   |
| :------------| :------| :-------------------------------------------- |
| TiDB Uptime | node | The runtime of each TiDB node since last restart. |

> | TiDB CPU Usage | node | The statistics of CPU usage of each TiDB node. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TiDB CPU Usage | node | The CPU usage statistics of each TiDB node. |
```

| TiDB Memory Usage | node | The memory usage statistics of each TiDB node. |
| TiKV Uptime | node | The runtime of each TiKV node since last restart. |

> | TiKV CPU Usage | node | The statistics of CPU usage of each TiKV node. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TiKV CPU Usage | node | The CPU usage statistics of each TiKV node. |
```

| TiKV Memory Usage | node | The memory usage statistics of each TiKV node. |
| TiKV IO MBps | node-write, node-read | The total bytes of read and write in each TiKV node. |

> | TiKV Storage Usage | node | The storage size per TiKV node. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TiKV Storage Usage | node | The storage usage statistics of each TiKV node. |
```

| TiFlash Uptime | node | The runtime of each TiFlash node since last restart. |

> | TiFlash CPU Usage | node | The statistics of CPU usage of each TiFlash node. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TiFlash CPU Usage | node | The CPU usage statistics of each TiFlash node. |
```

| TiFlash Memory  | node | The memory usage statistics of each TiFlash node. |
| TiFlash IO MBps | node-write, node-read | The total bytes of read and write in each TiFlash node. |

> | TiFlash Storage Usage | node | The storage size per TiFlash node. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TiFlash Storage Usage | node | The storage usage statistics of each TiFlash node. |
```
